<INTRODUCTION>

Hello everyone. My name is Eric and today I am going to introduce an App that I built, called BabyTime.
So to briefly explain what the app is for, the purpose of the app is to help new parents, 
just like myself, to stay on top of the parenting game.
You can use this app to record and track baby's activities, so when the baby starts to cry, you know exactly what your baby needs!

<HOMEPAGE/SIGNUP>

So here is the home page of the app, and to begin, you would first sign-up by going to the sign up page,
and fill out this form, so 
I'm just going to quickly create an account for demo purposes. 

and as soon as you sign up, you will get logged in, and get redirected to the home page.



<BABYPAGE>

So now that you are signed in, you would go ahead and start by creating a baby's profile. 
So to do that, you would go into this My Baby page,

and here, you can see a card with a picture and some description. 
Right now, the picture is just an empty podium, 
and it says please create your baby's profile here, 
but once you create your baby's profile, the picture in this card will change,
and the descriptions will also change depending on your input. 




<BABYPAGE CREATE>

So lets go ahead and create baby's profile. and to do that, you would click this create baby profile link, 
which will take you to this form where you can enter in baby's name, and birth date. 

Right now, its just these two fields, but in the future, 
I am planning on adding more fields such as gender, weight, picture, and so on. 

Also, right now, you can only create one baby profile per account, 
but in the future, I am planning on adding in the ability to create multiple baby profile, 

//which could be a great place to introduce a subscription model, 
for example, regular account can only create one baby profile
and the premium account can create multiple, but we will see.//

ok so, as soon as you create the baby profile, it will take you back to the baby's card page, 
and here, you can now see that the picture have changed, and the description is showing baby's name, birth date, and the age in a human friendly way. 
And of course, if you made a mistake when creating the baby profile, you can edit the profile by clicking on this link
which will take you to the edit page, and here you can edit the profile.


Right now, the main purpose of the profile is just to show baby's information, 
but in the future, using the information from the baby's profile,  
I am planning on implementing email marketing system, where depending on baby's age, 
I would send out an email, promoting products that are beneficial for both the parents and the baby at a given stage.


<ACTIVITY PAGE>

Next, I will show you how you can record and track baby's activities. So to do that, you would click the "Activity" link from the navbar.
Once you click the Activity link, it will take you to this page, where if its your first time entering this page, it will 
render this button to start tracking. 
Once we click this, it will render this page where the actual recording happens. 


<ACTIVTY ACTUAL PAGE/ CREATE DIAPER>

So right off the bat, you will see these three icons, one for sleep, one for diaper, and one for formula.
So let say you just changed your baby's diaper. To record this activity, you will simply click the diaper icon, 
and this will create a record with time and the title, which in this case is diaper, and also show you  
the last time you changed the diaper right below the diaper icon, which in this case is a few seconds ago. 


You can also click on the record which will take you to this page, where you can write some notes about the activity.


Say the baby's poop was green. Then you would write Green poop and press the update diaper, and this will take you to the previous page, 
and now you can see the note added to the record. 


<SLEEP CREATE>

The same thing goes for the sleep and the formula.
So for sleep, same thing as the diaper, you would click on the sleep icon, and it will create the record.
But notice that for sleep, we can also set the duration which is 30 mins here. 
Right now, I've set the default duration to 30 min, because I found that 
my baby's most frequent duration for naps are 30 min, but you can always change the duration by clicking on the record, and updating the duration


<FORMULA CREATE>
For formula, instead of duration, there is an amount, and the default is set to 100ml, but again, you can change this by 
clicking on the record and updating the amount. 


<DATE CHANGE>
Just for demo purposes, I will show you how the page would look as time goes on, so I am going to change the date manually to see 
what it would look like the next day. 

So I will change the date, and go to my app and create some activity, and here, you can see that the previous date's activity have now 
been pushed down, and the new activity with new dates are being added to the top. 


<DELETE RECORD>
And lastly, say that you've created the activity by mistake.
Well that won't be an issue. because You can go into the record and delete the activity by pressing this delete button. 
Once you click the button, it will remove the activity, and take you back to the activity list, and here you can see that the activity is now gone. 


And yeah, that concludes my presentation 
Thank you everyone for listening. 
